 I think it's important to highlight why it's not just about a couple hundred tech bros in Silicon Valley not being able to make payroll, but there's important downstream consequences. For example, there are payment processing companies in Silicon Valley that use Silicon Valley Bank to store their capital and to move money around. There are payroll companies that do payroll for many businesses, not just tech businesses, but many businesses in different parts of the economy that store their cash at Silicon Valley Bank and process money through Silicon Valley Bank. Today it was announced that Rippling, one of those companies, could not hit their payroll cycle today because they had money tied up at Silicon Valley Bank. Fortunately, they announced that they also have money at JPMorgan and other places, so they will be able to kind of get the payroll processed early next week and get everyone back on track. But this is hundreds and potentially thousands of companies that use their payroll software to process and pay their employees. You can start to see how there can be very significant trickling effects. And more importantly, like we saw in 08, perhaps to a different degree, but still a significant concern is the contagion of panic, where people say, if there isn't reliability in the things that I thought were reliable before, I start to have real questions in the soundness of the system overall. And that's why it's so important, as Zach said, to step in, shore up the problem this weekend. I don't think it's about bidding 50 cents or 60 cents on the dollar. Every depositor needs to get paid 100% of their money, and that cash needs to be made available to them by early next week. And if that money is not available to them within the first 48 or 72 hours of the end of this weekend, then we're going to have a real crisis on our hands, because then you will see a lot of people trying to move money away from any institution that stores their money in some sort of security that's not 100% liquid like cash. That's going to cause a massive run. And so what has to happen, the only way this can happen is if someone takes over Silicon Valley Bank this weekend, and that the federal government, unfortunately, as much as I hate to say it, because I absolutely hate the federal government having a role in this stuff, has to say we will guarantee 100% of those deposits to the company that takes over the bank that takes over this portfolio, and says, let the portfolio of assets run its lifetime, see what you get paid, whatever the delta is, we'll make it up to you. But we need to make sure that there's cash here today, for all of these depositors to get paid tomorrow. You had something you want to say?