I think it's important to highlight why it's not just about a couple 100 tech bros in Silicon
Valley not being able to make payroll, but there's important downstream consequences.
For example, there are payment processing companies in Silicon Valley that use Silicon
Valley Bank to store their capital and to move money around. There are payroll companies that
do payroll for many businesses, not just tech businesses, but many businesses in different
parts of the economy that store their cash at Silicon Valley Bank and process money through
Silicon Valley Bank. Today, it was announced that Rippling, one of those companies, could
not hit their payroll cycle today, because they had money tied up at Silicon Valley Bank.
Fortunately, they announced that they also have money at JP Morgan and other places.
So they will be able to kind of get the payroll processed early next week and get everyone back
on track. But this is hundreds and potentially 1000s of companies that use their payroll
software to process and pay their employees. You can start to see how there can be very
significant trickling effects. And more importantly, like we saw in a weight,
perhaps to a different degree, but still a significant concern is the contagion of panic,
where people say if there isn't reliability and the things that I thought were reliable before,
I start to have real questions in the soundness of the system overall. And that's why it's so
important to sack said to step in shore up the problem this weekend, I don't think it's about
bidding 50 cents or 60 cents on the dollar, every depositor needs to get paid 100% of their money.
And that cash needs to be made available to them by early next week. And if that money is not
available to them, within the first 48 or 72 hours of the end of this weekend, then we're going to
have a real crisis on our hands. Because then you will see a lot of people trying to move money away
from any institution that stores their money in some sort of security that's not 100% liquid like
cash, that's going to cause a massive run. And so what has to happen, the only way this can happen
is if someone takes over Silicon Valley Bank this weekend, and that the federal government
unfortunately, as much as I hate to say it, because I absolutely hate the federal government
having a role in this stuff has to say we will guarantee 100% of those deposits to the company
that takes over the bank that takes over this portfolio, and says let the portfolio of assets
run its lifetime, see what you get paid, whatever the delta is, we'll make it up to you. But we need
to make sure that there's cash here today for all of these depositors to get tomorrow had something
you want to say.
